come on down it's I'm doing here time to
make a sandwich to dig it man hello and
welcome the two naked men making a
sandwich I'm brecky and today we're
gonna be making a rap yo yo yo come on
down downtown it's time to begin he
ain't no it's time to make a
sandwich that's what I see Dominic we're
not rapping about making a sandwich in
the club we're actually making a club
sandwich wrap what are you calling
Dominic I'm melon ball oh my bad easy
now for our ingredients what you're
going to need is some vine-ripened
tomatoes you're also going to need
lettuce you're also going to need a ham
and turkey made from Circular hands and
circular turkeys it all makes sense
you're also going to need some bacon and
we're going to be making some special
spicy ranch and don't forget your
tortilla now dumb it's going to help us
with the list we're going to tell you
the lettuce is going to shred it and
since we don't have the normal
commercial operations we're going to use
our traditional cheese grater which
you'll find in any kitchen some looks
like a cowbell it can also be used as a
dominatrix tool the table manners use it
to great you want to do up and down
strokes make sure you put your thumb
a little skin in that much all right now
I'm going to get our Buffalo ranch
wedding and we're going to put this on
our tortilla there we go now we use one
cap full of buffalo sauce and a
gigawatts of rain now the hormones don't
let's have done we wrap this up thank
you there you go a beautiful job of
Commerce me all right now that we have
our nicely dressed tortilla I'm going to
first add tomatoes you definite have to
go in this correct order because it
makes it easier to wrap it all together
the next step is going to be our
shredded lettuce here ever so nicely
okay then you're gonna have your your
turkey newham since they're both
circular we're just gonna roll them up
together as well place it right in the
middle what are we forgetting oh thank
you of course soon the toaster sweet now
we're just gonna wrap it up okay we
start things in the counter we fold a
counterclockwise I went digital nothing
us tea it's gotta be it's like an
origami there's a bum suede here put
your finger right there all right need
to get my back into it push okay if this
even regulate look for tears guys look
okay um if we okay get get it okay and
then I'll press on it and okay it's
working come God we're almost there at
the 11th that was the toughest
took us a while that's a perfectly wrap
sandwich why don't you go ahead and wrap
it up for your son and special and
remember it's what's on the inside that
counts that was the show but it had em
just made us